[DJM-781] Docs for Airflow on K8s logs collection (#29217)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/data_jobs/airflow.md

3. Trigger an update to your Airflow pods and wait for them to finish.

> 4. Optionally, set up Log Collection for correlating Task logs to DAG run executions in DJM. Correlation requires the logs directory to follow the [default log filename format][6]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Optionally, set up log collection for correlating task logs to DAG run executions in Data Jobs Monitoring. Correlation requires the logs directory to follow the [default log filename format][6]. 
```

Reviewer: Suggesting this update because `DJM` isn't defined anywhere else on the page. 

Optionally, you could instead update [line 21](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/70f893143f279068e744f91bb2386252334cfbab/content/en/data_jobs/airflow.md?plain=1#L21) to say:
`[Data Jobs Monitoring][1] (DJM) provides visibility into the performance and reliability of workflows run by Apache Airflow DAGs.`

>    The `PATH_TO_AIRFLOW_LOGS` value should be set to `$AIRFLOW_HOME/logs`. Add the following annotation to your pod:

Reviewer: Just want to confirm if `should` is the correct term here per [RFC 2119](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#rfc-2119):

> there may exist valid reasons in particular circumstances to ignore a
   particular item, but the full implications must be understood and
   carefully weighed before choosing a different course
   
 Are there any valid reasons for setting the `PATH_TO_AIRFLOW_LOGS` value to anything other than `$AIRFLOW_HOME/logs`?

Author: It's the case in standard deployments but can be different if customized. I improved the sentence to reflect that and avoid "should". Let me know if that looks good to you !

Reviewer: Thanks for following up, LGTM!

   ```yaml
   ad.datadoghq.com/base.logs: '[{"type": "file", "path": "PATH_TO_AIRFLOW_LOGS/*/*/*/*.log", "source": "airflow"}]'
   ```

>    Adding `"source":"airflow"` enables the extraction of the correlation-required attributes by the [Airflow integration][8] Logs Pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Adding `"source": "airflow"` enables the extraction of the correlation-required attributes by the [Airflow integration][8] logs pipeline.
```

Reviewer: Minor update for consistency with the YAML example above

>    For more methods to set up logs collection on Kubernetes, see the [Datadog Kubernetes integrations logs configuration page][7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For more methods to set up log collection on Kubernetes, see the [Kubernetes and Integrations configuration section][7].
```
